Mission of HackData-Presented by Atal Incubation Center

Our mission is to allow participants to be a part of a gender diverse and technologically inclined community. It is to bring people with technical backgrounds together
to form teams to solve a problem or develop new ideas.
Our goal is to make way for newcomers and to make them familiar with the hackathon environment while learning how tackle with some of the most exciting problems.
Well, we here at SNU provide you with a platform to each contestant to showcase how avant-garde they are and also test their problem solving skills under the constraints of time.
So buckle up!
Prepare yourself to help your brain transform all the technical thoughts into reality.
Something awesome waits for you!!!!

About Atal Incubation Center

The Government of India setup the Atal Innovation Mission (AIM) at NITI Aayog in 2016 with the overarching purpose of promoting a culture of innovation and entrepreneurship in the country. This was done to address the need to create high-class incubation facilities across various parts of India with suitable physical infrastructure in terms of capital equipment and operating facilities, coupled with the availability of sectoral experts for mentoring the start-ups.
The identified sectors included manufacturing, transport, energy, health, education, agriculture, water and sanitation etc. 

About HackData

Hackdata is a multifaceted and a social coding event that would bring together computer programmers and other interested people together
from a variety of fields under one roof to improve upon or build a new software program.
Engineers, business students, designers and enterpreneurs would together build solutions utilizing data science in useful and positive ways.

Why should I attend a HackData ? - Why not? It’s a win- win situation for you. And here’s why:

1. FREE FOOD.
2. FREE SWAG. (We live for them)
3. Meet new people
4. Meet recruiters
4. Not expensive.
5. Can help land an interview if you are looking for job opportunities.
6. LEARN.

Finally, the goal of HackData is to create usable software with the goal of creating a functioning product by the end of the event.
There is a special award category for the all women's team that makes the best project! This should surely motivate females to form and work in all women's teams.



